[Music]
videos images and audio files can be
uploaded to or localized in Cutting Room
for editing it is possible to mix video
audio only and image file types in the
same import operation to Cutting Room to
preview a video file before uploading it
to the source player you can hover above
the clip in the content sidebar when
image files are uploaded to the source
player for preview they are loaded as
30-second files by default with an
inpoint at 10 seconds and an outpoint at
20 seconds but these can be extended by
any duration on the timeline audio files
can only be previewed by uploading them
to the source player before adding them
to the timeline